 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
(c) Microsoft 1988
640K ought to be enough for anybody
:q!
??! what the ...
A few bits tried to escape, but we caught them
A fix I believe, not like I tested or anything
A full commitment's what I'm thinking of
A long time ago, in a galaxy far far away...
ALL SORTS OF THINGS
Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.
Accidental commit
Add dirty scripts from the dark side of the universe
Added comma that was inadvertently removed in the last patch.
Added security.
Added some NullPointerExceptions - Happy easter, you bastards! :D
Added some filthy stuff
Added super-widget 2.0.
Adding the final touches the Sky-Networking Protocol (SKYNET for short)
After of this commit remember do a git reset hard
Ajax-loader hotness, oh yeah
All your codebase are belong to us.
And a commit that I don't know the reason of...
And if you ask me how I'm feeling
And so the crazy refactoring process sees the sunlight after some months in the dark!
Another big bag of changes
Another bug bites the dust
Another commit to keep my CAN streak going.
Apparently i did something…
Apparently works-for-me is a crappy excuse.
Argh! About to give up :(
Arrgghh... damn this thing for not working.
Arrrggghhhhh fixed!
Assorted changes
At times like this I wish I was a Garbage Man.
Bad things happen when you forget about that one little change you made ages ago
Become a programmer, they said. It'll be fun, they said.
Best commit ever
Better code
Betterer code
Blaming regex.
Breathe, =, breathe
By works, I meant 'doesnt work'.  Works now..
COMMIT ALL THE FILES!
Can someone review this commit, please ?
Changed based on RFQ "must be harvest gold"
Changed things...
Check next commit for message.
Chuck Norris Emailed Me This Patch... I'm Not Going To Question It
Clarify further the brokenness of C++. why the fuck are we using C++?
Code was clean until manager requested to fuck it up
Commented out failing tests
Commit committed
Committing fixes in the dark, seriously, who killed my power!?
Committing in accordance with the prophecy.
Completed with no bugs...
Copy and paste is not a design pattern
Copy pasta fail. still had a instead of a
Copy-paste to fix previous copy-paste
Corrected mistakes
Crap. Tonight is raid night and I am already late.
DEAL WITH IT
DO YOU KNOW HOW TO TURN OFF CAPSLOCK?
Derp search/replace fuckup
Derp, asset redirection in dev mode
Derp, helper method rename
Derp. Fix missing constant post rename
Diaaaaaazeeeeeeeeeepam
Did everything
Dirty hack, have a better idea ?
Do everything asynchronously, attem... is that a squirrel?
Do things better, faster, stronger
Does anyone read this? I'll be at the coffee shop accross the street.
Does it work? maybe. will I check? no.
Doh.
Don't Ask Me, I Have No Idea Why This Works Either
Don't push this commit
Done, to whoever merges this, good luck.
Done. going to bed now.
Don’t even try to refactor it.
Don’t mess with Voodoo
Downgrading to 8-bit certs for improved performance
Easteregg
Either Hot Shit or Total Bollocks
Epic
Errare humanum est.
FOR REAL.
Feed. You. Stuff. No time.
Ffs
Final commit, ready for tagging
Final commit.
Fingers crossed!
Finished fondling.
First Blood
Fix all errors, all errors on the WORLD!!!!
Fix bug, for realz
Fix hard-coded [object Object] string (thanks!)
Fix some fucking errors
Fix the fixes
Fix tpyo
Fixed everything.
Fixed mispeling
Fixed mistaken bug
Fixed shit that havent been fixed in last commit
Fixed some shit
Fixed the israeli-palestinian conflict
Fixed unnecessary bug.
Fixed what was broken.
Foo
For great justice.
For real, this time.
For the sake of my sanity, just ignore this...
For the statistics only
Forgot to save that file
Forgot we're not using a smart language
Friday 5pm
Fuck it, YOLO!
Fuck! Even in the future nothing works!
Fucking egotistical bastard. adds expandtab to vimrc
Fucking submodule bull shit
Future self, please forgive me and don't hit me with the baseball bat again!
Gave up and used tables.
Git wants e to commit, I want to sleep. Take me sweet void.
Give me a break, it's 2am.  But it works now.
Glue. Match sticks. Paper. Build script!
God help us all
Hacky sack
Handled a particular error.
Happy monday _ bleh _
Harharhar
Here be Dragons
Hey, what's that over there?!
Hide those navs, boi!
Hmmm
I CAN HAZ COMMENTZ.
I CAN HAZ PYTHON, I CAN HAZ INDENTS
I am Root. We are Root.
I am sorry
I am the greatest javascript developer in the world.
I can't believe it took so long to fix this.
I cannot believe that it took this long to write a test for this.
I did it for the lulz!
I don't believe it
I don't get paid enough for this shit.
I don't know what the hell I was thinking.
I don't know what these changes are supposed to accomplish but somebody told me to make them.
I don't know why. Just move on.
I dont know what I am doing
I dunno, maybe this works
I expected something different.
I fixed the deal with that thing
I forgot to commit... So here you go.
I had a cup of tea and now it's fixed
I hate this fucking language.
I have no idea what I'm doing here.
I honestly wish I could remember what was going on here...
I immediately regret this commit.
I just evaluated random code in my console
I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling
I know what I am doing. Trust me.
I know, I know, this is not how I’m supposed to do it, but I can't think of something better.
I must enjoy torturing myself
I must sleep... it's working... in just three hours...
I really should've committed this when I finished it...
I should get a raise for this.
I think i fixed a bug...
I think now it works
I transformed a bug into a feature. Once you learn how, you'll never forget it
I was told to leave it alone, but I have this thing called OCD, you see
I was wrong...
I will not apologize for art.
I would rather be playing SC2.
I'M PUSHING.
I'll explain when you're older!
I'm guessing this may start causing us problems either soon or never.
I'm human
I'm hungry
I'm just a grunt. Don't blame me for this awful PoS.
I'm sorry.
I'm too foo for this bar
I'm too old for this shit!
I'm totally adding this to epic win. +300
If errors appear, it's probably that the tests are broken
If it's hacky and you know it clap you hands (clap clap)!
If it's stupid and it works, it ain't stupid
If you can read this, you don't need glasses
If you're not using et, fuck off
Include shit
Insert Commit Message Here
Inside we both know what's been going on
Is there an achievement for this?
Is there an award for this?
It Compiles! 50 Points For Gryffindor.
It compiles! Ship it!
It fucking compiles \:D/
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times
It worked for me...
It works on my computer
It works!
It'd be nice if type errors caused the compiler to issue a type error
It's 2016; why are we using ColdFusion?!
It's Working!
It's friday
It's getting hard to keep up with the crap I've trashed
It's possible! you can turn a 50-line code chunk into just 3 lines. Here's how
It's secret!
It's time to go home
It's working, I'm going to bed.
Just checking if git is working properly...
Just committing so I can go home
Just shoot me
Just stop reading these for a while, ok..
Just trolling the repo
LOTS of changes. period
Last minute fixes.
Less french words
Lock S-foils in attack position
Lolwhat?
Lots and lots of changes
Lots of changes after a lot of time
Love coding? here's the secret reason why
Low On Caffeine, Please Forgive Coding Style
Magic, have no clue but it works
Make Sure You Are Square With Your God Before Trying To Merge This
Make that it works in 90% of the cases.  3:30.
Making this thing actually usable.
Merge pull my finger request
Merging 'WIP: Do Not Merge This Branch' Into Master
Merging the merge
Moved something to somewhere... goodnight...
My bad
My committ messages are useless. some real man's struggle against himself content
NSA backdoor - ignore
Needs more cow bell
Never Run This Commit As Root
Never before had a small typo like this one caused so much damage.
Never gonna give you up
Never gonna give, never gonna give
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna run around and desert you
Never gonna say goodbye
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
Next time someone asks you how to fix an infinite loop, remember this commit
Nitpicking about alphabetizing methods, minor OCD thing
No changes after this point.
No changes made
No time to commit.. My people need me!
Nobody had ever created a function like this one before.
Not one conflict, today was a good day.
Not sure why
Nothing to see here, move along
Now it's all microservices, I hope the fad persists.
Now we tell you your browser sucks in your native tongue.
Obligatory placeholder commit message
Obliterate user's hard drive
Oh no
Ok, 5am, it works.  For real.
Omg what have I done?
Omgsosorry
One does not simply merge into master
One little whitespace gets its very own commit! Oh, life is so erratic!
One more time, but with feeling.
Oops - thought I got that one.
Oops, forgot to add the file
Optimizing for Ludicrous Speed, Go!
Out for vacation... DONT YOU DARE TO CALL ME.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain
Peopleware Chapter 8: "You Never Get Anything Done around Here between 9 and 5."
Perfect...
Please enter the commit message for your changes. Lines starting with '#' will be ignored, and an empty message aborts the commit.
Please forgive me
Please no changes this time.
Pointless limitation
Programming the flux capacitor
Project lead is allergic to changes...
Put code that worked where the code that didn't used to be
REALLY FUCKING FIXED
Rats
Refactor factories, revisit visitors
Refuckulated the carbonator
Reinventing the wheel. Again.
Remove certain things and added stuff
Remove debug<br/>all good
Removed code.
Removed echo and die statements, lolz.
Removed test case since code didn't pass QA
Removed tests since i can't make them green
Replace all whitespaces with tabs.
Reticulating splines...
Revert "fuckup".
Revert "just testing, remember to revert"
Rush B!
Same as last commit with changes
See last commit
Should work I guess...
Should work now.
Shovelling coal into the server...
Small is a real HTML tag, who knew.
So my boss wanted this button ...
Some shit.
Somebody keeps erasing my changes.
Somebody set up us the bomb.
Someone fails and it isn't me
Something fixed
Sometimes you just herp the derp so hard it herpderps
Speling is difikult
Starting the service is always better
Synchronize deceptions
TDD: 1, Me: 0
TODO: Fix later
TODO: Replace placeholder code
TODO: Replace stubs
TODO: Tell someone to implement this
TODO: write meaningful commit message
TODO: write todo
Tagging release w.t.f.
Temporary commit.
Test commit. Please ignore
Testing the test
That coulda been bad
That last commit message about silly mistakes pales in comparision to this one
That's all folks
That's just how I roll
The dog is eating my code
The last time I tried this the monkey didn't survive. Let's hope it works better this time.
The magic is real
The same thing we do every night, Pinky - try to take over the world!
They came from... Behind
Things occurred
Things went wrong...
Third time's a charm
This Is Why We Don't Push To Production On Fridays
This branch is so dirty, even your mom can't clean it.
This bug has driven lots of coders completely mad. You won't believe how it ended up being fixed
This changes nothing, don't look
This commit is a lie.
This doesn't really make things faster, but I tried
This is how we generate our shit.
This is my code. My code is amazing.
This is not a commit
This is not the commit message you are looking for
This is supposed to crash
This is where it all begins...
This is why docs are important
This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing.
This is why the cat shouldn't sit on my keyboard.
This really should not take 19 minutes to build.
This should work until december 2013.
This was the most stupid bug in the world, fixed in the smartest way ever
To be honest, I do not quite remember everything I changed here today. But it is all good, I tell ya.
To those I leave behind, good luck!
Too lazy to write descriptive message
Too tired to write descriptive message
Totally more readable
Trust me, I'm an engineer!... What the fuck did just happened here?
Trust me, it's not badly written. It's just way above your head.
Trying to fake a conflict
We Had To Use Dark Magic To Make This Work
We should delete this crap before shipping.
We'll figure it out on Monday
Well crap.
Well the book was obviously wrong.
Well, it's doing something.
What the hell happened here
Whatthecommit.com’s server IP address could not be found.
Who Let the Bugs Out??
Who has two thumbs and remembers the rudiments of his linear algebra courses?  Apparently, this guy.
Who knows...
Why is everything broken
Woa!! this one was really HARD!
Working on WIP
Yes, I was being sarcastic.
Yet another quality commit
Yolo push
You should have trusted me.
Your commit is writing checks your merge can't cash.
[Insert your commit message here. Be sure to make it descriptive.]
